spec(vesting): Add vesting specification from notion (#391)
tharsis/evmos: x/vesting/spec/01_concepts.md

## Lockup

The lockup describes the schedule by which tokens are converted from a  `locked` to an `unlocked` state. As long as all tokens are locked, the account cannot perform any Ethereum transactions using the `x/evm` module. Additionally, locked tokens cannot be transferred to other accounts. In the case in which tokens are both locked and vested at the same time, it is possible to delegate them to validators, but not transfer them to other accounts.

## Schedules

Vesting and lockup schedules specify the amount and time at which tokens are vested or unlocked. They are defined as [`periods`](https://docs.cosmos.network/v0.42/modules/auth/05_vesting.html#period) where each period has its own length and amount. A typical vesting schedule for instance would be defined starting with a one-year period to represent the vesting cliff, followed by several monthly vesting periods until the total allocated vesting amount is vested.

> Vesting or lockup schedules can be easily created with [Agoric’s  `vestcalc` tool](https://github.com/agoric-labs/cosmos-sdk/tree/Agoric/x/auth/vesting/cmd/vestcalc). E.g. to calulate a four year vesting schedule with an one year cliff, starting in January 2022, you can run vestcalc with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vesting or lockup schedules can be easily created with Agoric’s [`vestcalc`](https://github.com/agoric-labs/cosmos-sdk/tree/Agoric/x/auth/vesting/cmd/vestcalc) tool. E.g. to calculate a four-year vesting schedule with a one year cliff, starting in January 2022, you can run vestcalc with:
```

> ```go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```
